feat-4505-Build-‘Video-transcription-form‘-Demo-App! (#463)
appwrite/awesome-appwrite: README.md

* **Appwrite + Angular SimpleGrocery** - A simple app to create fast shopping-list. [Source Code](https://github.com/ffex/simple-grocery-demo)

> * **Appwrite + Angular Transcript This** - A simple app to trascript Youtube videos from link. [Source Code](https://github.com/ffex/Transcript-This-Demo)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Appwrite + Angular Transcript This** - A simple app to transcribe Youtube videos from their links. [Source Code](https://github.com/ffex/Transcript-This-Demo)
```

Grammatical suggestion
